here we go good morning and/or afternoon
people have the Internet and welcome to
the IFS documentation UX working group
you can follow along with the agenda for
this meeting as with every antenna a
link in the github repo but I will also
post it into chat in this call looks
like everybody has put everything they
need to in here add the leaders and so
on so forth the one thing please out
yourself in the participants and I
believe we have all the notes notes we
need to in line in the agenda but um
feel free to elaborate as we go along so
these are a little bit the agenda is a
little bit different than a husband just
as we've been wrapping up all of the
queue sorry okay ours
those are starting to drop off of this
agenda as we haven't finished them that
said we need to finalize our q4 okay
ours by the end of this week Chris a few
things changed on these while you were
away so I wanted to make sure that you
had time to weigh in on all of that
specifically there's an item related to
metrics that we need to talk through I
was hoping we could actually get some of
this done in this meeting but um looks
like we actually got two emergencies
that are keeping folks from being here
right now so we may need the table this
until later but let's hold off on that
for a second um shall we talk to the
rest of the items on the agenda Chris
it's not fair because you just got back
from your holiday tech stack framework
stuff do you think you'll be able to
have a wrapped up by the end of the
month in oh yes we have to make a some
kind of executive summary where at least
I can collate the research that I've
done so far so then that's the primary
thing
- basically consolidate this week I did
I think there were some things that
didn't show last time I was here one was
the prototype that I I booted up with
dr. Soros so I think I could share that
very briefly now everyone likes a live
demo right especially after a holiday so
while I find my bearings again let me
see if it's works there we go
so share my screen um so yeah so I
started working aren't getting the first
section of the guides into a basic new
UI version of docu Soros and this is
using a v2 alpha I had a few had a bit
scouting around the forums and
understanding where we are in position
of the framework itself and what what
its outstanding in terms of development
I will basically consolidate all of that
research into into a post so we can just
like summarize then take a decision from
there but for now I just want to show
like what we're where we are and what we
could use it for and it's you kind of
get a basic presentation like this with
the or table of contents on the left
hand side and then you get your sub
table contents on the right there this
the whole platform is turned into a new
plug-in model so essentially everything
has been stripped back so that you just
end up with this raw and markdown
rendering display and it works nicely
with responsive design so even if I open
up I'm going to mobile mode you can
actually get it all with all the
niceties that we can get from for
navigating our docks and I'll see you
get the I can't get to the inspector you
get a table of contents generated for
for each page as well so I mean the
Royal functionality of it works fine we
wouldn't says we've got a audio and
that's for because you need to have a
opponent index index for you RL that's
public that is defined with your dog set
before you can have a search index but
essentially this works that plugin so it
would be able to enable that and it
really makes the whole site and and so
that is that part of it and on
terms yeah I suppose actually to
summarize this I just need to write up
plans and thoughts and to give you some
an overview of where we can take them
here and I also want to do up a view
press demo this week and do a comparison
between a two I think those are the
primary winners unless we decide to go
for a sort of basic implementation on
top of either what we've got with
there's some additional additional
changes so um yeah and that's probably
now that link may well that link persist
yeah if this this is a this is probably
deployed URL right now and so you can
access it we can share this if need to
be it was more for internal use just a
showcase now but I would like the
opinions and yeah like to invite
opinions and like so I think we've got
figure out a way how we can capture that
when the ideas was to use that feedback
tool to basically put in their priority
their future priority options into a
vertical list so that we can then have
some conversation around those because I
don't think it's a single issue is easy
to capture all of that feedback directly
so what I'd like to do is actually write
down the individual features by priority
put them into some kind of vertical UI
and then one by one we can we can pull
it out to everybody in the team so that
you can say like this is super important
enough so we can just get a better gauge
on it because we've got our own
priorities and I think it'd be nice to
tell you that with the rest of the team
and company and community and that is
that that is one of the items in our in
our draft okay ours at this point even
better than I'm skipping ahead of my
future self is that draft okay left no
doubt be a q4 wouldn't have closed good
yeah so trying to find a way through
this because everyone just just chanted
a and I've just got back so yeah that's
um that's like I'm 2d in India and I'll
link in the in the agenda like
to the chat that's item to be there a
quantitative voting based testing to the
direction of the tax data and revise its
deployment or future features deployment
plans as sorry so you have a voting
mechanism of some sort on Doc's topics
and or features yep I think that's just
nice to have so we can actually then
we'll have our baseline priorities which
will be at least feature parity
completely to what we already have but
then we want to prioritize one-by-one
features that are coming up and yeah
I'll be led by community and for
feedback yeah we can explore your this
sort of starting starting and it's very
basic so something that we're we're
socializing internally but the idea of
having that is something persistent the
dots fina to be able to have people
continue to vote on ongoing direction
would be awfully slick to have in there
so we loved it fairly without the specs
of that fairly big in the okay are other
than we want to have this thing up and
running and we can pin that down into
issues going forward call three or four
tools I played with that would be
suitable they've got different pricing
models and depending integrations I'll
just I'll choose one to trial very soon
great great just FYI um as of now
because we had to score the okay ours on
Friday I have left the I in your absence
rated that is 90% finished once you are
done with your executive summary izing
if you are if you feel confident in
marking not 100% done yeah master
spreadsheet that would be fantastic
just for the sake of honesty that would
be great anything else and I'll come
back around into metrics when we get to
the bottom okay I'll give you time to
type frantically should you wish
documentation specialist again with
respecting the confidentiality of
clients is being a public call or
confidentiality of applicants I don't
want to go into too much detail we do
have a meeting we are on the agenda
hiring panel today not quite sure win or
the outcome of that but watch this space
also just crisps for your benefit um
started to make some progress in taking
some of the candidates for our position
and considering them as well for a file
coin Knox roll so hopefully that will
get somewhere we had a little bit of
progress on that on Friday and I'm
waiting to hear exactly how that turned
out
so as a priority over roll or is it just
a day a bit better fit for that do you
know it's that they it's at the five
Olympics haven't had time to do their
hiring exercising and we may end up with
more candidates and we need so being
able to do it because to a certain
degree everything that we've spoken to
you with all of our candidates before
you could summon the word file coin and
get about 80% there so there's that
there's a fair amount of overlap between
those two rolls and we ended up with
some very very talented people that
we're trying to meet further and just
gonna make sure we don't lose anybody if
we can help it so again if you want to
have liked it if you want to have an
out-of-band description on that totally
happy to fill you in
so it's whatever speech everybody ality
hates me all weird on the recorded call
and I respected you may be listening in
thank you for respecting those fixes
privacy and in general we should
probably leave conversations like this
for for other forums because tons of
people are encouraged to participate
regardless of yeah yeah and the
wonderful thing is we've also sort of on
a related note I did notice something
coming up in the forums today talking
about some of the conversations that
we've had regarding sort of a very
non-technical use case based discussions
and why people might be one thing ipfs
it's nice to see that coming up
organically in in the forums and I also
want to I haven't because literally I
just got out because it's Monday and I'm
feeling a little under the weather but I
do want to respond to that in a way that
encourages I mean it's it's it's
wonderful to hear like somebody really
clamoring for some non-technical use
cases or some use cases any
non-technical level of detail but um but
this does illustrate the need that you
the more contributors the closer we are
to actually achieve me ethical you know
it's not number one on our priorities
especially moving along the goal based
persona stuff I had some really really
good interviews as a textile and query
and audience I incorporated um a lot of
the channels from those conversations
into the presenter doc would you like to
from the agenda um the biggest
quantifiable change was making it
explicitly clear that somebody is
generally a developer and one or more
other person but there was also there
was there was talk among a couple of
these folks to split out the developer
persona um but not universal agreement
as to how that might be bifurcated um
and I also want to review a little bit
like the usefulness of splitting out
because I don't want to get too deep in
the weeds it persona level so I did add
an issue and github that I'm going to
address in q4
as to what to do about that um so just
just so you all know that exists but
that said it did the the discussions
that we had the interviews did reinforce
that the persona are in good shape
they're good useful guides and so we've
listed those as a resource in the ipfs
docs repo in the readme um and then also
that's that's actually one of the things
the risen team checked in the for
discussion over the weekend so that's
nice to know that people are already
referring to that document that is
ideally and I didn't know this in the
agenda I'll do this real quick um that
is ideally some of the stuff that I want
to lean on there's gonna be a Colorado
Boulder Denver IP us meet up on the 16th
of October um it's about 80% confirm
who's gonna happen but if that does
happen the intent is to let anybody who
wants to do a quick discussion with me
on these cases and goals have freako
working for the day at the local boulder
co-working space so that'll also give us
another chance to sort of test out some
of the persona stuff and then also if we
have anything closer to that date that
we might specifically lean on with any
saying in testing we'll have an
opportunity to do that as well um moving
on yeah okay cool um the hotfix is if
you look at if you look at anything that
was in the hotfix okay our um a big for
q3 in either the docks or the website
repos we managed to knocking out more
than 20 fixes this quarter so um you
know it's been okay just just to say
that you know we've put a lot of
emphasis cos is a very sort of very
strategic order we've been doing up a
lot of planning because we recognize
pretty early on that we needed to do
some heavy duty planning in order to
make the execution actually great but
just to say anything we have we have
been doing a pretty good job of managing
to actually tactically fix and stuff in
the meantime which is awesome um at the
end of the month I'm going to take
everything that was in that hot fixes
okay our label bucket on github and real
able those is okay our content
improvement since that's the sort of
overarching bucket for our q4 okay ours
the agenda says seeking your help and
t-shirt sizing them I actually did not
on Friday so ignore that we have size
labels and both the docs and website
repos now and i roughly t-shirt size
everything in there again not wanting to
get too down and the agile weeds on this
um the okay our label is gonna be our
tracking parameter for measuring how
many fixes we do in q4 we have been
using that hotfix label how excited of
not being like entirely accurate and and
people have different ideas of what a
hotfix actually is so after a fair
amount of discussion on last week the
consensus and Chris if you if you hate
this we can tell are we reached the
consensus that we are going to put
everything in this okay our content
improvement bucket that of the lines
with the overarching fix the docs
tactically goal that we got in the queue
for okay ours and then
in terms of finding bite size or
discrete or non strategic issues we can
do that through a combination the
viewing that epic content improvement
epic label the t-shirt size label for
how much time we had to devote to thing
and then also the difficulty label on a
t-shirt size everything I also made sure
that all of every issue in both repos
was also vaguely that should an analyst
immobilize pretty quickly it's like oh I
got half a day what can I do
but if especially you Chris if there's
anything that you think maybe a better
way of organizing this let me know I
know we don't have another meeting to go
over the ok hours but should we try and
get one in early before Thursday yes we
should because the intent was to do this
today intervention okay you are you're
on our latest time zone do you mind
finding a good time for that I'm not
taking this cool button we could we
could also chat very briefly after this
if it's directly affecting myself we
need to do the whole team together then
what's new since you're gonna like an
hour well interestingly there is
something you which I've noticed is that
the I share this with you you can see
that the way the new ipfs explainer is
getting the most left completely so I
don't know whether that's a bias or
whether or not we've been clicking there
yes this is helpful but 1616 overall
compared to right now it's and it's the
most helpful documentation out there so
people are actually looking for beginner
level material
or they're finding that metric level of
material more helpful than perhaps the
way it's explained or at least at that
language level and then obviously since
some other things are surfaced in the
last is that yes so MF s may be worth
revisiting and yeah we can pre dig into
this little deeper but I need to
consolidate a couple of these because
some via gateway and some directly by
URLs but otherwise yeah we're doing okay
81% helpful overall so that's obviously
on the tool that we deployed in topics
and in terms of analyzing the further
breakdown for the categories this is
going to take a little bit more time to
basically decipher but essentially we
need to go through this nice tree of
logic to understand how and why people
operating in certain ways and so far you
can kind of see that we have primary
most interactions on - open - which is
some polished share your files which may
be partly to do with bias towards that
their ordering in the list but then you
can see that the final actions there's
only a few percent there so actually
it's people went on to go on go and
select a different output based on their
action and so you can see you know there
see whether they went to explore other
things or you can see whether they
triggered final final output events
which they tend send going to the doc
site this I want to I want a basic
surface the individual numbers from this
into a simple dashboard like this so we
can actually then just have some key
numbers that we can just keep an eye on
rather because every time you have to
dig into this and do it in an individual
root analysis it takes time and it's not
it's not particularly quantifiable so we
want to define what is it we're trying
to get in terms of story from like entry
to exit and then see you see the trends
basically moving that way and then
essentially we'll set a date range at
the moment it's working within 28 days
and hopefully gradually improve that
date range the metrics towards like our
primary targets so I don't know whether
this will be in comes in the q4 okay
azam i think obviously one for more
metrics into there
that's essentially where I'd like to
suggest that we we spend that time and
and figure out how we how we're going to
do that yes but for now which is
essentially it's the case of getting
there
absolutely the planning in place to
start to measure those things and then
we can surface that up and hopefully
improve it week by week so we do have as
part of the part of these sort of
content improvement bucket of the okay
ours sort of two separate efforts for
fixing things that we've identified
internally or inherited issues that we
haven't addressed yet from the initial
grooming of the repos but then we've
also got separate okay our item for
fixing things specifically identified
from the community the forum posts or
through through these metrics so you
know what you bring up about the I think
definitely neatly ships into something
that we want to dig into antennae
identify as it as a community identified
fix first range music in a background
sorry I'm sorry I can't do much about
that but I'll put myself on mute oh is
that my photos mentioning things like
full disclosure my partner has a music
lesson in six minutes and he was going
to go downstairs but on Friday nobody
could hear him but apparently today he's
louder
it's nice is it it's an accordion
it is it is an it is an instrument
called the bandoneon which is the thing
that makes tango music sound like tango
music it's basically an enormous and
really difficult to play button
accordion the cats hate it so so yeah
but but who's teachers teachers in New
York so it's so he morning lessons here
in their afternoon lessons for the
teacher in Antonette so you can you can
give them
I only have one one thing to add to this
meeting
I've been working on a new tutorial for
proto school for non mfps file files API
and I've drafted two lessons currently
I'm working on the first the first
[Music]
polyploid lesson including lesson so I'm
still trying to get a hang of the
validation part of things but I think
it's going well so hopefully in a couple
weeks or so we may have a new like a new
tutorial there exactly
clapping so we've got four more minutes
I think we are we are in a good place
unless anybody else has anything that
they want to bring up Chris if you don't
mind you and I stay in on the college
chat and then and then we'll schedule a
separate meeting to go over okay arts
but I think things are things they're in
a good place for Monday morning yep
unless there's anything else I've missed
in the last week from a previous meeting
some right now or we can do that
one-on-one I could and wrapping up
wrapping up a lot of the efforts yeah
yeah I think I think anything anything
has been exposed and sort of github
guess where your github backlog or we
can talk through a bit yeah not a whole
lot that's directly impacted you so
super super yeah we had some really good
lemon tea yesterday there's he has a
whole sampler from its birthday and
they're wonderful I know it's not the
the new DST in the world but I do the
very close down the street from the
celestial Seasonings herbal tea factory
I love them they're so good
you young come visit do a tour they have
an enormous room that you can they have
to sequester the mints if it doesn't
pleat everything else they'll open the
door you can go in it takes about ten
seconds before it literally like you you
think you might pass out
it's glorious and with that in mind um
you know any anybody who wants to
co-locate with me I you know I don't
know this up to strangers in the
community as well if anybody wants to
come and be my note-taker on the 16th in
Boulder Colorado for this user testing
because it's always better to not have
to take your own notes I am older I'll
take you to the tea factory and on that
happy note I will I will stop this
recording um thank you everybody for all
of y'all's time and we shall see you
again next week on the Internet